{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss Arial;}{\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\ri-5\qc\b\f0\fs44\lang12 Full Speech \f1\endash  \f0 English Version\b0\f2\fs24\par

\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\par
\par

\pard\sl-208\slmult0\par

\pard\li6\b\f0\fs32 1. Introduction\b0\f2\fs24\par

\pard\sl-196\slmult0\par

\pard\li6\f0\fs22\tab Hello, and thank you for this opportunity. My name is Ala Hsouna, and I am a final-year Software Engineering and Business Intelligence student , applying for my end-of-studies internship at Capgemini Engineering. This presentation is my chance to briefly introduce myself, share my skills and experience, and explain why this internship is perfectly aligned with my goals.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs32 2. Academic Background\b0\f2\fs24\par

\pard\sl-196\slmult0\par

\pard\sl-241\slmult0\f0\fs22 Here, I want to give you a quick and simple overview of my academic background.\par
\par
I am currently studying Software Engineering and Business Intelligence at the International Institute of Technology in Sfax. I finished my first year with an average of 16.27/20 (1st in my class, 3rd in the whole program) and my second year with an average of 16/20.\par
\par
Before that, I completed a Bachelor\f1\rquote\f0 s degree in Computer Science with a focus on Big Data and Data Analysis, graduating with highest honors and ranking 3rd in my class.\par
\par

\pard\li6\b\fs32 3. Technical Skills\b0\f2\fs24\par

\pard\sl-196\slmult0\par

\pard\sl-233\slmult0\f0\fs22 Now, let\f1\rquote\f0 s move on to my technical skills.\par
\par
First, in terms of programming languages, I work with Python, JavaScript, TypeScript, and also Java, C, Go, and PHP.\par
\par
Then, for frameworks, I have experience with Django, Laravel, and Spring Boot on the backend, and with React, Angular, Next.js, and even Flutter for building modern and cross-platform applications.\par
\par
In Artificial Intelligence and Data Science, I am comfortable with NLP models, computer vision, and deep learning libraries such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, and Transformers. I have also used tools like TrOCR, YOLO, Roboflow, and Scikit-learn in several projects.\par
\par
I have also developed strong skills in Big Data and Business Intelligence.\par
\par
And finally, I also have DevOps skills, including Docker, Git, CI/CD pipelines, Linux, and Grafana for monitoring.\par
\f2\fs24\par

\pard\li6\b\f0\fs32 4. Professional Experience\b0\f2\fs24\par

\pard\sl-196\slmult0\par

\pard\sl-238\slmult0\f0\fs22 Now I would like to move on to my professional experience.\par
\par
I started with a PFA internship at SIVO in Sfax, where I worked on an AI-related project. I used models such as YOLO, TrOCR, and BART to build solutions that read, analyze, and automatically extract information from handwritten images and documents.\par
\par
Next, during my summer internship at Shopy Science in Tunis, I automated anomaly detection, built Grafana dashboards and Slack alerts, and developed an automated monitoring system in Go.\par
\par
Then, I completed my end-of-studies internship at MRC Survey in Tunis, where I stabilized the web application, built dashboards and assistance tools, and implemented multilingual sentiment analysis.\par
\par
Before that, I completed an internship at Digi Hornets, where I developed a complete e-commerce application using the MERN stack.\par
\par
And finally, during my internship at the North Africa International Bank, I automated client data sorting and prepared banking datasets using WinDev.\par
\par
Let\f1\rquote\f0 s now move on to presenting my three AI projects.\par
\par
First, the AI-based Career Assistant Platform, built with a RAG + LLM pipeline.\par
It automatically analyzes CVs and generates recommendations.\par
I also developed a virtual interview module with personalized feedback.\par
This system combines technologies such as PyTorch, Hugging Face, Transformers, React, and Django.\par
\par
Second, the Tunisian License Plate Recognition System, which focuses on computer vision.It detects Tunisian license plates using YOLO and reads them with an OCR model.I also implemented a RAG + LLM chatbot to provide automatic answers.\par
\par
And finally, the Insurance Claim Probability Prediction project, where I developed a machine learning model to predict the likelihood of an insurance claim.\f2\fs24\par

\pard\li6\b\f0\fs32\par
5. Why Capgemini Engineering?\b0\f2\fs24\par

\pard\sl-196\slmult0\par

\pard\sl-238\slmult0\f0\fs22 Now I would like to explain clearly why I chose Capgemini Engineering for my final-year internship.\par
\par
First, Capgemini has a strong engineering culture, with a real focus on AI and data. It is the ideal environment where I can learn from experienced engineers .\par
\par
Second, Capgemini works on real, high-impact projects in different sectors, which makes the work directly connected to real needs.\par
\par
Third, Capgemini is the right place to build my career. It allows me to learn solid professional practices.\par
\par
Finally, Capgemini is a perfect match with my profile. I work in AI (NLP, vision, Transformers), data analysis, and full-stack development, and I have a good understanding of technology, data, and product.\par
\f2\fs24\par

\pard\li6\b\f0\fs32 6. Why This Internship Topic?\b0\f2\fs24\par

\pard\sl-196\slmult0\par

\pard\li6\f0\fs21 And finally, I would like to explain why I chose this internship topic.\par
\par
It is directly connected to my concrete experience during my end-of-studies internship at MRC Survey, where I implemented multilingual sentiment analysis. I feel comfortable working with NLP and transforming raw text data into actionable insights.\par
This topic is also a perfect combination of my three key skills: NLP, data analysis, and full-stack web development.\par
\par
Now, let\f1\rquote\f0 s move on to talk more deeply about Multilingual Sentiment Analysis \f1\endash  Project\f0  where I used several models like BERT, T5, and others.\par
\par
The NLP Processing Pipeline I built included: extracting raw responses, automatic summarization, fact-vs-opinion classification, language detection, and sentiment analysis.\par
\par
The architecture begins with extracting answers for each question from the database.\par
Then, each answer is summarized using T5.\par
After that, the answer is classified as \f1\ldblquote\f0 opinion\f1\rdblquote  \f0 or \f1\ldblquote\f0 fact\f1\rdblquote  \f0 using the fact-or-opinion-xlm-r-el model.\par
If more than 80% of the answers are opinions, I continue processing the question:\par
\f1\endash  First, I detect the language of each answer.\par
\endash  If the answer is Arabic, I use arabic-MARBERT-sentiment to analyze it.\par
\endash  Otherwise, I use bert-base-multilingual-uncased-sentiment.\par
\par
Finally, I present the results in a dynamic interactive dashboard.\par
\par
This pipeline achieved around 88% accuracy, using 4 NLP models and supporting more than 20 languages.\par
\b\f0\fs32 8. Project Roadmap (PFE)\b0\f2\fs24\par
now let's move on to talk about the Roadmap \lang1036 of \f3\lang12  How to Succeed This PFE Project at Capgemini\f2\par
\par
\lang1036 first \lang12 Understanding Business Needs and Key Indicators\par
The first step is to Clarify business needs. choose Which reviews and channels to target and Define key indicators \par
\lang1036\par
Second \lang12 Review Collection\par
the second step is to scraping   this can be done through official APIs or scraping tools such as Scrapy or Playwright, while fully respecting legal constraints.\par
\par
\lang1036 third \lang12 Data Cleaning and Preprocessing\par
This step contains : Cleaning (encoding, HTML, emojis), Language detection and normalization, Handling duplicates and noise\par
\par
\lang1036 four \lang12 AI Models \f3\emdash  Sentiment Analysis and Topic Extraction\par
At this \f2\lang1036 step\f3\lang12 , we develop and train the different AI models.\par
Two main tasks will be addressed:\par
Sentiment classification (positive / negative / neutral)\par
Topic extraction (using TF-IDF, embeddings, or clustering)\par
The models will be evaluated using multiple metrics: accuracy, precision, recall, and F1-score.\par
\par
\f2\lang1036 five \lang12 Interactive Dashboard\par
First, I will build an interactive dashboard using a backend in Django or Laravel, and a frontend in React .\par
Then, the dashboard will include several filters such as time, location, sentiment.\par
After that, it will display charts and summary KPIs to understand trends clearly.\par
\par
\lang1036 Six: Evaluation, Iteration, and Deployment\par
Next, I will compare the results with the business expectations to check .\par
Then, I will collect feedback and improve the model .\par
After that, I will use Docker for containerization .\par
And finally, I will prepare the documentation and client integration.\lang12\par
\par
so thanks for your attention\par
}
 